README.md, before:

# website

this repo contains the [papersin.systems](https://papersin.systems) website

## How to: add a session

Create a new markdown document in the `_sessions` directory. Make sure to include the following "frontmatter" metadata:

```
---
layout: session
title: # the pithy title
paper_title: # the full rambling title, including subtitle, etc
paper_author: # academic citation style "et al" or the plain language author's name
paper_year: # full year the work was published
paper_link: # link to a pdf, conference site, non-commercial book link, etc
presenter:
  - name: # presenter's preferred name
    link: # social media link or home page
registration: # link to the tito page for this session (get from Ruth)
date: # full date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the session
---

description / excerpt / abstract of the paper
```

## How to: add a page to the header

Create a new markdown document in the `_/pages` directory, and add it to the `header_pages` section in `_config.yml`.

## How to: develop locally

Clone the repo and run `docker compose up` or `podman compose up`. This will build a docker image and start the jekyll devserver, which will live-reload on most changes. Note, changes to `_compose.yml` require a manual restart with `ctrl-c` and re-running the `docker compose up` command.

## Todo

- [ ] add content for older sessions
- [ ] add content for proposing a session

Commit message:

Updates for (#1)
Added template fields: miro and slug. Added missing miro boards.
Reordered pages, updated session template, updated about and landing page content.
Added miro board include template.
Updated session content files and miro board pdf.

README.md, after:

# website

this repo contains the [papersin.systems](https://papersin.systems) website

## How to: add a session

Create a new markdown document in the `_sessions` directory. Make sure to include the following "frontmatter" metadata:

```
---
layout: session
title: # the pithy title
paper_title: # the full rambling title, including subtitle, etc
paper_author: # academic citation style "et al" or the plain language author's name
paper_year: # full year the work was published
paper_link: # link to a pdf, conference site, non-commercial book link, etc
presenter:
  - name: # presenter's preferred name
    link: # social media link or home page
registration: # link to the tito page for this session (get from Ruth)
date: # full date (YYYY-MM-DD) of the session
miro: # name of high resolution PDF export from Miro board. This should be the same name as the corresponding session markdown document.
slug: # Summary for upcoming page.
---

description / excerpt / abstract of the paper
```

## How to: add a page to the header

Create a new markdown document in the `_/pages` directory, and add it to the `header_pages` section in `_config.yml`.

## How to: develop locally

Clone the repo and run `docker compose up` or `podman compose up`. This will build a docker image and start the jekyll devserver, which will live-reload on most changes. Note, changes to `_compose.yml` require a manual restart with `ctrl-c` and re-running the `docker compose up` command.

## Todo

- [ ] Review content for previous sessions.
- [ ] Add content for proposing a session.
- Add Miro board high resolution PDF export files for:
  - [ ] Feb 2023
  - [ ] Mar 2023
  - [ ] Jul 2023
  - [ ] Aug 2023 
  - [ ] Sep 2023
  - [ ] Oct 2023
