_sessions/2023-05-monitoring-in-support-of-policy.md, before:

---
layout: session
title: Monitoring in support of policy
paper_title: "Monitoring in support of policy: an adaptive ecosystem approach"
paper_author: Boyle & Kay
paper_year: 2001
paper_link: https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/MONITORING-IN-SUPPORT-OF-POLICY%3A-AN-ADAPTIVE-Boyle-Kay/dada69803fbbfc2bb765c0f8af32e2351843080e
presenter:
  - name: Rein Henrichs
    link: https://mastodon.social/@reinh
registration: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/boyle_monitoring
date: 2023-05-08
---

From the paper we're reading for, and discussing at, the May (remote) meeting:

> The premise of the traditional approach to management (anticipatory management) is that it is possible to predict and anticipate the consequences of decisions. Once all the necessary information is gathered to make a scientific forecast, the "right" decision can be made. This approach is not valid when dealing with complex systems, however. Given the limitations imposed by complexity, the focus of management and decision-making strategies must be on maintaining the capacity to adapt to changing environmental conditions. Adaptive management involves a very different agenda than anticipatory management. In adaptive management, differences between how the future actually unfolds and how it was envisioned are seen as opportunities for learning.This is in sharp contrast to anticipatory management which sees such deviations as"errors" to be avoided. Much of the agenda of adaptive management is learning through experimentation rather than focusing on error avoidance. Monitoring plays a crucial role in adaptive management. It provides feedback necessary for adaptive learning, information to generate narratives, and advice to determine if alternative courses of action are required.At the core of an adaptive ecosystem.

If you're intrigued by this quote, there's more!

Commit message:

Added template fields: miro and slug. Added missing miro boards. Reordered pages, updated session template, updated about and landing page content. Added miro board include template. Updated session content files and miro board pdf.

_sessions/2023-05-monitoring-in-support-of-policy.md, after:

---
layout: session
title: Monitoring in support of policy
paper_title: "Monitoring in support of policy: an adaptive ecosystem approach"
paper_author: Boyle & Kay
paper_year: 2001
paper_link: https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/MONITORING-IN-SUPPORT-OF-POLICY%3A-AN-ADAPTIVE-Boyle-Kay/dada69803fbbfc2bb765c0f8af32e2351843080e
presenter:
  - name: Rein Henrichs
    link: https://mastodon.social/@reinh
registration: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/boyle_monitoring
date: 2023-05-08
miro: "2023-05-monitoring-in-support-of-policy.pdf"
slug: "The premise of the traditional approach to management (anticipatory management) is that it is possible to predict and anticipate the consequences of decisions. Once all the necessary information is gathered to make a scientific forecast, the 'right' decision can be made."
---

> The premise of the traditional approach to management (anticipatory management) is that it is possible to predict and anticipate the consequences of decisions. Once all the necessary information is gathered to make a scientific forecast, the "right" decision can be made.
> This approach is not valid when dealing with complex systems, however. Given the limitations imposed by complexity, the focus of management and decision-making strategies must be on maintaining the capacity to adapt to changing environmental conditions.
> Adaptive management involves a very different agenda than anticipatory management. In adaptive management, differences between how the future actually unfolds and how it was envisioned are seen as opportunities for learning. This is in sharp contrast to anticipatory management which sees such deviations as "errors" to be avoided.
> Much of the agenda of adaptive management is learning through experimentation rather than focusing on error avoidance. Monitoring plays a crucial role in adaptive management. It provides feedback necessary for adaptive learning, information to generate narratives, and advice to determine if alternative courses of action are required. At the core of an adaptive ecosystem.
