_sessions/2023-09-improving-our-ability-to-improve.md, before:

---
layout: session
title: Improving Our Ability to Improve
paper_title: "Improving Our Ability to Improve: A Call for Investment in a New Future"
paper_author: Douglas C. Engelbart
paper_year: 2002
paper_link: https://dougengelbart.org/content/view/348/
presenter:
  - name: Arty Starr
    link: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/@art3starr@mastodon.social
registration: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/engelbartabilitytoimprove
date: 2023-09-13
---

From the paper we're reading for, and discussing at, the September (remote) meeting:

> This vision of success has not changed much for me over fifty years – it has gotten more precise and detailed – but it is pointed at the same potential that I saw in the early 1950s (ref. 1). It is based on a very simple idea, which is that when problems are really difficult and complex – problems like addressing hunger, containing terrorism, or helping an economy grow more quickly – the solutions come from the insights and capabilities of people working together. So, it is not the computer, working alone, that produces a solution. It is the combination of people, augmented by computers.

If you're intrigued by this quote, there's more!

Commit message:

Added template fields: miro and slug. Added missing miro boards. Reordered pages, updated session template, updated about and landing page content. Added miro board include template. Updated session content files and miro board pdf.

_sessions/2023-09-improving-our-ability-to-improve.md, after:

---
layout: session
title: Improving Our Ability to Improve
paper_title: "Improving Our Ability to Improve: A Call for Investment in a New Future"
paper_author: Douglas C. Engelbart
paper_year: 2002
paper_link: https://dougengelbart.org/content/view/348/
presenter:
  - name: Arty Starr
    link: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/@art3starr@mastodon.social
registration: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/engelbartabilitytoimprove
date: 2023-09-13
miro: ""
slug: "This vision of success has not changed much for me over fifty years – it has gotten more precise and detailed – but it is pointed at the same potential that I saw in the early 1950s."
---

> This vision of success has not changed much for me over fifty years – it has gotten more precise and detailed – but it is pointed at the same potential that I saw in the early 1950s (ref. 1). It is based on a very simple idea, which is that when problems are really difficult and complex – problems like addressing hunger, containing terrorism, or helping an economy grow more quickly – the solutions come from the insights and capabilities of people working together. So, it is not the computer, working alone, that produces a solution. It is the combination of people, augmented by computers.
