_sessions/2023-04-systems-design-explains-the-world.md, before:

---
layout: session
title: Systems Design Explains the World
paper_title: "Systems Design Explains the World: volume 1"
paper_author: Avery Pennarun
paper_year: 2020
paper_link: https://apenwarr.ca/log/20201227
presenter:
  - name: Tammy Troup
    link: https://digipres.club/@tltroup
  - name: Yvonne Lam
    link: https://mastodon.social/@yvonnezlam
  - name: Shaun Greene
    link: # social media link or home page
  - name: Andrea  Magnorsky
    link: https://types.pl/@roundcrisis
  - name: Dawn Ahukanna
    link: https://mastodon.social/@dahukanna
registration: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/pennarunsystemsdesign
date: 2023-04-03
---

If you're intrigued by this quote, there's more!

> ...but I guess I still haven't answered the question. What is systems design? It's the thing that will eventually kill your project if you do it wrong, but probably not right away. It's macroeconomics instead of microeconomics. It's fixing which promotion ladders your company even has, rather than trying to climb the ladders. It's knowing when a distributed system is or isn't appropriate, not just knowing how to build one. It's repairing the incentives in a political system, not just getting elected and passing your favourite laws.

> Most of all, systems design is invisible to people who don't know how to look for it.

Commit message:

Added template fields: miro and slug. Added missing miro boards. Reordered pages, updated session template, updated about and landing page content. Added miro board include template. Updated session content files and miro board pdf.

_sessions/2023-04-systems-design-explains-the-world.md, after:

---
layout: session
title: Systems Design Explains the World
paper_title: "Systems Design Explains the World: volume 1"
paper_author: Avery Pennarun
paper_year: 2020
paper_link: https://apenwarr.ca/log/20201227
presenter:
  - name: Tammy Troup
    link: https://digipres.club/@tltroup
  - name: Yvonne Lam
    link: https://mastodon.social/@yvonnezlam
  - name: Shaun Greene
    link: # social media link or home page
  - name: Andrea  Magnorsky
    link: https://types.pl/@roundcrisis
  - name: Dawn Ahukanna
    link: https://mastodon.social/@dahukanna
registration: https://ti.to/bredemeyer/pennarunsystemsdesign
date: 2023-04-03
miro: "2023-04-systems-design-explains-the-world.pdf"
slug: "...but I guess I still haven't answered the question. What is systems design? It's the thing that will eventually kill your project if you do it wrong, but probably not right away. It's macroeconomics instead of microeconomics."
---

> ...but I guess I still haven't answered the question. What is systems design? It's the thing that will eventually kill your project if you do it wrong, but probably not right away. It's macroeconomics instead of microeconomics. It's fixing which promotion ladders your company even has, rather than trying to climb the ladders. It's knowing when a distributed system is or isn't appropriate, not just knowing how to build one. It's repairing the incentives in a political system, not just getting elected and passing your favourite laws.
> Most of all, systems design is invisible to people who don't know how to look for it.
